Add `anthropic_cache_messages` model setting and automatically strip cache points over the limit (#3442)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/models/anthropic.md

1. **Cache User Messages with [`CachePoint`][pydantic_ai.messages.CachePoint]**: Insert a `CachePoint` marker in your user messages to cache everything before it
2. **Cache System Instructions**: Set [`AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_instructions`][pydantic_ai.models.anthropic.AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_instructions] to `True` (uses 5m TTL by default) or specify `'5m'` / `'1h'` directly
3. **Cache Tool Definitions**: Set [`AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_tool_definitions`][pydantic_ai.models.anthropic.AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_tool_definitions] to `True` (uses 5m TTL by default) or specify `'5m'` / `'1h'` directly
4. **Cache Last Message (Convenience)**: Set [`AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_messages`][pydantic_ai.models.anthropic.AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_messages] to `True` to automatically cache the last user message

You can combine multiple strategies for maximum savings:

```python {test="skip"}
from pydantic_ai import Agent, CachePoint, RunContext
from pydantic_ai.models.anthropic import AnthropicModelSettings

> # Option 1: Use anthropic_cache_messages for convenience (caches last message only)

Reviewer: The text above suggests this is combining multiple strategies, but that's no longer the case since the rename/refactor

Author: Let me rewrite the examples.

## Prompt Caching

Anthropic supports [prompt caching](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/prompt-caching) to reduce costs by caching parts of your prompts. Pydantic AI provides four ways to use prompt caching:

1. **Cache User Messages with [`CachePoint`][pydantic_ai.messages.CachePoint]**: Insert a `CachePoint` marker in your user messages to cache everything before it
2. **Cache System Instructions**: Set [`AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_instructions`][pydantic_ai.models.anthropic.AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_instructions] to `True` (uses 5m TTL by default) or specify `'5m'` / `'1h'` directly
3. **Cache Tool Definitions**: Set [`AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_tool_definitions`][pydantic_ai.models.anthropic.AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_tool_definitions] to `True` (uses 5m TTL by default) or specify `'5m'` / `'1h'` directly
4. **Cache All Messages**: Set [`AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_messages`][pydantic_ai.models.anthropic.AnthropicModelSettings.anthropic_cache_messages] to `True` to automatically cache all messages

### Example 1: Automatic Last Message Caching

> Use `anthropic_cache_messages` to automatically cache the last user message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Automatic Message Caching

Use `anthropic_cache_messages` to automatically cache all messages up to and including the newest user message:
```

    """Search documentation."""
    return f'Results for {query}'

> async def main():  # noqa: F811

Reviewer: What's this noqa for?
